{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'daS Barcelona. Campaign\ulnone  \'96\'96 Audiovisual campaign for the third edition of \'daS Barcelona, \uc0\u8203 \u8203 a festival dedicated to the reuse and conservation of abandoned spaces of the city. For the realization of the teaser we wanted to give voice to the great abandoned of the city. A hobo screams crazy things, speaks of tribes, the rhythms of life in which we live trapped. For the capsules, already focused on promoting what would happen in the festival, we discovered the existence of a strange and well dressed tribe that lived in Can Ricart, the place where the festival was held.\
\
+ Credits\
\
Original idea, directed and produced by Codea \'96\'96 First AD: Carla Celda \'96\'96 Direction of Photography: Marc Guanyabens \'96\'96 Camera assistant: Sso\'ed Ramon \'96\'96 Art direction: Marina P\'e9rez \'96\'96 Art assistants: Julia Latorre  \'96\'96 Costume designer: Vera Moles \'96\'96 Costume Designer assistant: D\'eddac Trav\'e9 \'96\'96 Make up: Adriana Estop \'96\'96 Live sound: Pol Plana \'96\'96 Postproduction sound: Arturo Arias.\
\
[CASTELLANO]\
\
\ul \'daS Barcelona. Campaign\ulnone  \'96\'96 Campa\'f1a audiovisual para la tercera edici\'f3n del \'daS Barcelona, un festival dedicado a la reutilizaci\'f3n y conservaci\'f3n de espacios abandonados de la ciudad. Para el teaser quisimos darle voz a los grandes abandonados de la ciudad. Un vagabundo grita locuras, habla de tribus, del ritmo de vida en el que vivimos atrapados. Para las c\'e1psulas, ya centradas en promocionar qu\'e9 suceder\'eda en el festival, descubrimos a una extra\'f1a y bien vestida tribu que vive en Can Ricart, lugar donde se hizo el festival.\
\
+ Cr\'e9ditos\
\
Idea original, dirigido y producido por Codea \'96\'96 Ayudante de direcci\'f3n: Carla Celda \'96\'96 Direcci\'f3n de fotograf\'eda: Marc Guanyabens \'96\'96 Ayudante de c\'e1mara: Sso\'ed Ramon \'96\'96 Direcci\'f3n de arte: Marina P\'e9rez \'96\'96 Ayudante de arte: Julia Latorre  \'96\'96 Dise\'f1o de vestuario: Vera Moles \'96\'96 Ayudante de vestuario: D\'eddac Trav\'e9 \'96\'96 Maquillaje: Adriana Estop \'96\'96 Sonido directo: Pol Plana \'96\'96 Postproducci\'f3n de sonido: Arturo Arias.\
}