{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 El Sue\'f1o de Gon Fetti. Branded Content\ulnone  \'96\'96 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An advertisement in form of a short fiction. A false documentary about a truly crazy man and 50 Kilos of confetti flying in the air. El Sue\'f1o de Gon Fetti is the realization of madness. The same craziness that people will feel this summer in the new season of Elrow at the Space Ibiza.
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
+ Credits\
\
Original idea, directed and produced by Codea \'96\'96 Direction of photography: Quim G\'fcell \
\'96\'96 Focus puller: Claudia Rodriguez \'96\'96 Art direction: Oriol Guanyabens \'96\'96 Conductor: Anna Serrano\
\'96\'96 Art assistants: Marc Guanyabens, Eloy Sanchez \'96\'96 Head of production: J\'e9ssica Mart\'ednez \'96\'96 Production assistants: Mireia Sarabia, Marc Trigo, Marina \'96\'96 Costume designer: Vera Moles \'96\'96 Costume assistant: Helena Mateo \'96\'96 Make up: Sandra Vica \'96\'96 Live sound: Marc Barrera \'96\'96 Sound postproduction: Marc Barrera.
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
[CASTELLANO]\
\

\f0\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul El Sue\'f1o de Gon Fetti. Branded Content\ulnone  \'96\'96 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Una publicidad en forma de cortometraje. El falso perfil de un aut\'e9ntico loco. 50 Kilos de confeti volando por los aires. El Sue\'f1o de Gon Fetti es la realizaci\'f3n de una locura. La misma que invadir\'e1 a las personas que este verano, una vez m\'e1s,\
acudir\'e1n a la nueva temporada de elrow en la discoteca Space de Ibiza.
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
+ Cr\'e9ditos\
\
Idea original, dirigido y producido por Codea \'96\'96 Direcci\'f3n de fotograf\'eda: Quim G\'fcell \
\'96\'96 Foquista: Claudia Rodriguez \'96\'96 Direcci\'f3n de arte: Oriol Guanyabens \'96\'96 Regidora: Anna Serrano\
\'96\'96 Ayudantes de arte: Marc Guanyabens, Eloy Sanchez \'96\'96 Jefa de producci\'f3n: J\'e9ssica Mart\'ednez \'96\'96 Ayudantes de producci\'f3n: Mireia Sarabia, Marc Trigo, Marina \'96\'96 Dise\'f1o de vestuario: Vera Moles \'96\'96 Ayudante de vestuario: Helena Mateo \'96\'96 Maquillaje: Sandra Vica \'96\'96 Sonido directo: Marc Barrera \'96\'96 Postproducci\'f3n de sonido: Marc Barrera.
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}